What is going on.
And welcome back.
Now in this video we're going to be working over the new section I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here and I'm going to read this.
OK.
And then here I need to call them seem like this so what I'm going to do instead of doing everything
from START.
I'm going to come here I'm going to delete it and I'm going to click here and I need to duplicate it.
So here we go.
I'm going to come here.
I need to apply the so that we just like change it make it change.
I going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to click here and I want to I'm going to add hashtag eBay eBay EBAY.
So this is basically a trade CCRI effect that you should be adding If you want to add two sections right
here.
OK.
And here I'm going to change this.
I mean I'm just going to come here I'm going to delete it and I'm going to also get it selected and
here I think I should add there is that about us.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I want to change the color of this too.
Yes.
OK.
I want to decrease distill here.
So here what I want to say here I need to add some stats to that.
It looks great.
I want to come here to the module.
I'm going to go down.
And here is the board counters so I'm going to add vorn.
OK.
Here is a table.
So this title is going to be responsiveness 24/7 support 24 7 support.
And the person is going to be 98 percent OK.
And I want background so.
So here's the background.
I don't think I need to add any background but me add to it to be the black and let's go to the design
right here the bar counter color.
It's going to be the orange It looks amazing.
All right.
I'm going to go to the convent right here.
And here we have everything right here.
And this looks cool.
So I want to go to the text and text the title text and the title text says it's going to be increased
a bit.
Go I want to a shadow right here here.
No don't add any shadow.
So don't we have the person dates expiration date look good the border I don't think so if you need
to enter any border OK.
Call ahead.
OK let's come here and what we want to do is that we need to be sickly just to placate it.
So I'm going to click HERE AGAIN AND CLICK HERE AGAIN AND CLICK HERE AGAIN.
OK.
We have three right here.
I'm going to come here.
I going to go to the text right here and I want to change it.
So when you change it to
let's come here and let's change this to.
OK.
I want to add I want to change this as well.
So I want to come here and it should be OK.
Let's come here again.
OK.
This has been a play now.
So I want to come here right here.
Let's just click here.
So everything is OK and editable from here.
So this is going to be
packaging I think
what is happening.
OK.
I want to come here.
I want to hit a very here.
OK.
And then I want to just refresh this because this is making some stuff here.
So let's go ahead.
OK.
It is safe.
I'm going to.
I'm here and I'm going and just refreshed this right now.
So this is just dumb.
Doing some stuff I don't know what is happening to this.
Let's let's just refresh this so that everything looks OK.
So I'm going to come here to discover here.
Let's just come here.
Let's click here again.
And here we want to do this.
I'm going to come here to the settings right here 24/7 support is going to be packaging package and
this is going to be
86 percent.
OK.
Now we're done.
So let's just get in here and let's just manage this as well let's come here and let's change this to
be 24/7 support.
So it is going to be
products our creativeness.
And this is going to be
72 percent.
Here we go.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to hit this right here.
ALEX Kim here.
Analysts say that
so you can see that we're also done with this.
I think we need a call to action right here below so that it separates it because it is it is it is
just matching this or we can do one more thing but we can do we can just bring it here and bring this
right here so that it doesn't match with each other.
We can do it like that as well.
But let's add a call to action right here.
Let's click regular.
OK.
And let's just add this guy right here and here we need to add a called Watch in.
So I'm going to click here I'm going to come here and I want to click this guy right here.
So now I'm going to go to the design background and here I'm going to choose an image right here.
I'm going to choose any image.
Let's add this image OK.
I'm going to click here.
And here we go.
This image is coming right here.
I want to use use the parallax effect so that if we if I just move my page you can see that the image
is moving.
But if you want to appear like effect then you have to do one thing and that is make sure that when
you add the image you added tray here you add an overlay before applying it to how you can add overlay
what you can do.
You can just come here and then you can do you have to just click add new layer.
OK so this layer is going to appear you have to just press alter and backspace.
OK and this is coming.
This is coming right here.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here and I'm going to click here to fill and
I wanted to create a bit
ok like this.
And again see this is like this.
So you have to just save it then.
And then you can just add a tray here and then you can apply the parallax effect.
So here I'm going to add anything.
I'm going to come here
and we'll be adding some more stuff in here in the next video so you can see about this page is already
looking amazing.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this still here.
Stadion and by.